Privacy Policy:

Thank you for using Encryptify. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect information about our users.

Information We Collect: When you use Encryptify, we may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide, such as your name, email address, and payment information. We may also collect information about your device, such as your IP address, browser type, and operating system. We use this information to provide and improve our service.

Use of Cookies: We use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use our service. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device when you visit our website. We use cookies to remember your preferences and to analyze how you use our service. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but please note that this may affect your ability to use our service.

File Encryption: When you use our file encryption service, you agree to upload your files to our server for encryption. We store your encrypted files on our server for a limited period of time in order to provide the service. We do not store the original unencrypted files.

File Storage: If you choose to save your encrypted files on our server, we will store those files in our database with an associated user table. We will not share your files with third parties, except as required by law.

Third Party Services: We may use third party services to help us provide and improve our service, such as hosting and payment processing services. These third parties may have access to your personal information, but only to the extent necessary to provide their services to us.

Security: We take reasonable measures to protect the information we collect from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure.

Your Choices: You can choose not to provide us with certain personal information, but this may limit your ability to use our service. You can also request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at [email].

Data Retention:
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide our service and as required by law.

Your Rights:
You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal information. You may also object to or restrict the processing of your personal information.

Children:
Our service is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

Changes to this Policy: We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.

Contact Us: If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at [email].